# CS-370

In this project I was given starter code with the scenario of creating a AI controlled NPC that would be trained to find the treasure in treasure hunting game, racing the palyer.  I had to complete the program to for the intelligent agent so that it acheives its goal, which is finding the treasure in the maze.  To do this I utilized deep Q-learning.  I implemented a training loop for each training epoch.  During training, the agent used the collected experiences to update the neural network model.  The model parameters were adjusted using an optimization algorithm to minimize loss, iteratively refining the Q-value approximations.  During training the epsilon value and set to make the agent choose exploration over exploitation 10% of the time.  This is done by the epsilon value being initialized to 0.1 and a random number is chosen before each action, if it is less than the epsilon value, then a random valid action is chosen, leading to exploration.  After the winrate of the agent exceeds 90%, the epsilon value is changed to 0.05, so that exploitation is more heavily valued over exploration.

Computer scientists design algorithms, create software, and advance all industries with technology.  The work of computer scientists has transformed many industries and will continue to innovate in the future.  The work of computer scientists matter signicantly as they lead to innovation and can sometimes greatly impact our daily lives with the software created.  Which is why ethical responsibilites must be followed.  As a computer scientist I approach problems identifying the root causes of problems and by breaking down problems into smaller solvable tasks and design solutions for each component.  I also run multiple tests to detect problems or verify if the software is functioning properly.

As a computer scientist, the ethical responsiblities are assuring user privacy, data security, mitigating bias, honesty, and transparency.  It is really important to prioritize user privacy as well as the security of user data by collecting data only when necessary to acieve an intended purpose with consent of the user and implementing robust data security measures to protect that data.  Mitigating bias is something I did not consider before taking this course, but I see how providing artifical intelligence with improper data during training can easily lead to bias decisions being made by AI.  
